#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
autopage==0.5.2
    # via cliff
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
cliff==4.7.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==2.5.4
    # via cliff
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   python-openstackclient
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   openstacksdk
dogpile-cache==1.3.3
    # via openstacksdk
durationpy==0.9
    # via kubernetes
gnureadline==8.2.13
    # via cmd2
google-auth==2.36.0
    # via kubernetes
idna==3.10
    # via requests
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-openstackclient
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
keystoneauth1==5.8.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
kubernetes==31.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openshift
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via oslo-serialization
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via openstacksdk
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
openshift==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
openstacksdk==4.1.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==3.1.0
    # via python-openstackclient
oslo-config==9.6.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo-i18n==6.4.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo-serialization==5.5.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo-utils==7.4.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via openstacksdk
prettytable==3.12.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   python-cinderclient
psutil==6.1.0
    # via oslo-utils
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via oslo-utils
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via cmd2
python-cinderclient==9.6.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kubernetes
python-keystoneclient==5.5.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-openstackclient==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-string-utils==1.0.0
    # via openshift
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
    #   kubernetes
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   kubernetes
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via kubernetes
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   openshift
    #   python-dateutil
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-openstackclient
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via kubernetes
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via debtcollector
